Add missing docs for trim warning codes (#42315)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/trimming/trim-warnings/il2081.md

---
title: "IL2081: 'target generic parameter' generic argument does not satisfy 'DynamicallyAccessedMembersAttribute' in 'target method'. The field 'source field' does not have matching annotations. The source value must declare at least the same requirements as those declared on the target location it is assigned to.
description: "Learn about trim warning IL2081: DynamicallyAccessedMembersMismatchFieldTargetsGenericParameter"
ms.date: 08/23/2024
author: svbomer
f1_keywords:
  - "IL2081"
---

> # IL2081: 'target generic parameter' generic argument does not satisfy 'DynamicallyAccessedMembersAttribute' in 'target method'. The field 'source field' does not have matching annotations. The source value must declare at least the same requirements as those declared on the target location it is assigned to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IL2081: 'target generic parameter' generic argument does not satisfy 'DynamicallyAccessedMembersAttribute' in 'target method or type'. The field 'source field' does not have matching annotations. The source value must declare at least the same requirements as those declared on the target location it is assigned to
```
